If there was no television, well, we would do other things.
There's no question about that.
There are some people who say they never watch television.
They are the exception.
I watched television, and when I was not retired,
it was the way I'd switch off at night.
I'd come home, by the time I'd had my dinner,
it was about half past eight, nine o'clock.
And then, if I didn't have work to do, sometimes I did,
I'd switch off by watching television
at about nine o'clock at night.
And I'd watch till quite late,
because I didn't need a lot of sleep.
So I'd watch till quite late.
Sometimes I'd watch for a few hours and do some work.
But I, yes, it certainly has influenced leisure time.
And has that changed over time,
that it influences more now than it did?
It's actually less.
I'm doing more reading.
I, a funny person, I can't read.
I couldn't read when I was working,
because my job involved reading.
I was reading texts or whatever, all the time.
And so I didn't read at night.
When I'd go on holiday, I'd go through piles of books.
Since I've retired in March,
I must have gone through to 50 or 60.
I've got books all over the place.
I'm reading books all the time.
And so what actually we do now, we sit down and read books.
And then perhaps we can go and watch television,
watch the news, or if there's something good on,
we'll go and watch it.
But we tend to read now.